welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insight to help you skyrocket your own
business
[Music]
and welcome back to a fresh episode of
sam's business growth
show looking forward to speaking to
ollie whitfield today ollie's a product
manager
for vanillasoft the industry's most
successful
sales engagement platform ollie a very
warm welcome sir
how are you doing today just pleased to
be here man
that's uh i've seen the killer killer
guest that you've had on before and uh
just
it's a little bit of a stretch right
here i won't pretend but yeah please
please be part of the show thank you
very much for having me
no worries man looking forward to it
we're covering a fresh topic today that
i think is going to be a big value to
everyone that that watches that tunes in
on the audio um
it's something a bit bit more bit
interesting a bit new um and we talk
about how how we can actually create
webinars that don't suck
which i think is a great topic with
everything that's going on with the
pandemic
with all the virtual selling everything
that's going on a lot of companies are
turning to webinars
and i think a lot of businesses are
thinking they're the be-all end-all
they're going to generate them a ton of
leads a ton of revenue and all this good
stuff
and uh as as you and i know they're
quite not quite that easy
and there's there's quite a bit more to
it but they do have their ups and as
you'll explain
the ups and downs which we'll jump into
before we get into this good stuff
and how you can build a killer webinar
audi give us a quick snapshot of the
background
of yourself um who you are how you got
into business
and um who ollie really is all right uh
well i'm a young dude who's from uh kent
in uh
it's about an hour south of london if
you don't know where that is and i've
been in agencies for pretty much my
whole life
and here i am three weeks into a new job
where i don't work at an agency i work
out a sales engagement
software a samsung called vanillasoft
and what that means i get to do is i get
to talk to sales
the customer success team the support
team i get to talk to some customers
i get to work out what um what the day's
like what's
what's good about it what's bad about it
what's in between and
how i can make something or produce a
webinar hopefully
or maybe a brochure or something like
that that will make their
experience a little bit easier with us
or better or more profitable whatever it
may be that's useful to them
so that's all i'm trying to do right now
nice one man great company
and uh we had daryl daryl's one of the
first guests the chief revenue officer
over vanilla soft he's one of the first
guests
he's uh he's a great guy excitable guy
and uh yeah looking forward to
chatting ollie so let's jump straight
into it um
like we said webinars are a bit of a hot
topic right now a lot of companies are
thinking about investing and getting
stuck into them
why should a business a marketing
professional sales professional consider
doing a webinar and do you think they're
really worth the time into the
investment ollie
yeah well to take the second point first
i i'm not sure how much
time and effort it really does cost it's
not
even one percent of what a trade show
could be if you are quite succinct in
how you
do the whole process really um so
most of the ones that i have done or
seen or been
exposed to they're probably about an
hour in max length
it never really goes too much longer
than that so worst case
you if sam you're the host you're going
to be there for 60 minutes
doing the zoom whatever you're using um
you're probably there for 10 minutes
beforehand just to make sure everybody's
set you know backstage kind of thing and
everything else is just
once you've done it once you've kind of
done it a thousand times you can rinse
and repeat
and optimize and tweak but you don't
have to reinvent the wheel every time so
it's not
an enormous amount of time to do one let
alone to do
two because once you've done one you're
kind of set to do the next you can
take the emails you wrote change them
take the slide deck that you made
change it take the social image that you
made
update it you know it's kind of uh
simple to do once you've done it once
okay i mean that that was a nice
comparison that you use straight away
that they're a lot easier than trade
shows
um and trade shows typically when i i
think of them i might be way off the
mark here but
i just imagine getting cold call for a
trade show you start chatting it sounds
interesting then you hear the fees
and they're talking like 10 grand plus
for a stand
and yeah they're busy there's a lot of
people looking around but it's like how
many leads will i really get
is it worth worth the two days is it
worth the investment whereas i suppose
webinars i may be wrong here like you
say quite fast to set up
um and i guess you can have some kind of
expectation on on a return that you can
expect is that is that right or
yeah and in a way it's not that
different to a trade show when you think
about
the uh you'll get told probably here's
how much it costs for you to be here
and if you want to uh be a keynote
speaker and all that kind of stuff or
what level of sponsor you're gonna be
and then uh they'll have some kind of
stats on what the
foot traffic is gonna be like we
normally expect x
thousand hundred people whatever it is
and normally around x percent of those
are
this certain role or this certain
industry they never know for sure
because it doesn't happen until the time
which is exactly the case with the
webinar as well
but with the webinar you're not there
with
four other people who have got to stay
in a hotel and you're not there having
to go and have some lunch as well in the
company card
and the problem of a tracer as you kind
of just said there
once it's done it's it's sort of gone
and you can call the
leads that you get the people you scan
whatever happens there
and it's kind of a pressure to say where
you spent this money
gotta make the most of it now because
it's an expense
yes webinar is like quite easy to keep
doing and it's never really dead
if you do it the right way it's never
really gone you can always
use it and more people will hopefully
come into it yeah
it's a tough one for us because we've
never really done trade shows at web
choice being a digital company a lot of
our work is focused around inbound
seo positioning brands online and
getting getting our clients leads
inbound that way
so trade show i always think if if
you've only got three or four leads the
whole weekend
weekend or however many days it is i can
just imagine you
you or your sales manager or your sales
director breathing down your neck
because
they said look you've only had five or
six leads you need to call these leads
until you close one
whereas a webinar i guess it's a bit
less stress because you're getting the
the sign ups as email
and you can kind of nurture and and use
that list and over time
and get get obviously leads get demo
requests or meetings but
wherever your objective is rather than
being forced to
just just make the best out of the few
dudes you do get
yeah i found i've been to one or two
trade shows of
obviously not this year or even last
year but the ones um
the people that we scanned it's not my
company did anything wrong it's not the
event organizers did anything wrong it's
just
part of the past i think so far the
leads that we got the people we scanned
the people we
recorded conversations with when you
wrote it down and when you looked at it
afterwards hardly any of it was
applicable to be honest and because we
i'm not saying we have had any pressure
at all to follow up
like no one's business because that's
not true it wasn't you know extremely
boiler room level sales environment at
all but
equally mentally i know we spent money
to be there
it's not free to have me come up there
it's not free to help me go out for
dinner with everybody
so i gotta make the most of this because
it's it's a thing that happened
and i'm thinking these aren't people
that i would choose if i
could but with a webinar in a way
the it puts the onus back on the person
making the webinar
not the rep not the sales rep because
the sales rep and say look man
21 of these people were industries i've
never even heard of
let alone would follow up with so maybe
we're targeting the wrong people maybe
we had the wrong
messaging or something like that wrong
guest you can fine-tune that to make it
more and more and more
appropriate which is kind of where
webinars get yeah
i think as well we've seen a lot more of
them of reason and i guess that's that's
the killer point really olly which we'll
dive into a bit more detail a bit later
in the conversation but you can actually
target who you want to attend
who you actually want to sign up to this
webinar rather than just people that are
walking around a show
be a trade show be at any other more
traditional type of event you can
specifically hone in on the
idle customer that you want to be there
so you're not wasting your time
talking or starting conversations with
all these people that are never going to
be a customer
because they don't fit the profile that
you want to do business with um
makes sense all right let's jump into it
how how um what's the process what the
steps that we should take if we're
considering doing a webinar and if we're
starting from scratch we're not sure of
the tools or the software or any of the
equipment that we need
perhaps you could give us a quick run
through wally of how we can make one
happen
do you want to go into the tech side
first or the
concept side of it first i think we
could say yeah if we could if we could
go from kind of creating a concept and
then then the kind of process and any of
the tech and software
um just some of the key points that
people should consider
okay most people that i've seen unless
it's in a massive company where they've
got
millions of pounds to buy crazy software
most people run their stuff out zoom
everyone knows how to use zoom
it makes sense it's quite cheap as well
but by chance you probably already have
a zoom
license and if you upgrade it or if you
just turn the setting on you probably
can run a webinar anyway
and the beauty about it is if you happen
to get way more signups than your zoom
license
can handle it's very very easy to
upgrade it you don't even have to call
them you just go into your zoom profile
and you can take
i want for three weeks an allowance of x
amount more than what my current says i
think at default it says 100 people
which gets 100 people live inside of
your zoom room
doesn't mean if you get 100 signups
because you might get on average
30 people come so that means 30 people
by that ratio you need 300 signups to
get 100 people and then you've maxed out
your
zoom but most people use that depending
on
how big a company you are you may have a
landing page building
software or uh or hubspot something like
that lead pages unbounce
there's tons of them shoot page for
another one um
you may have something like that where
you can build a sign up page that's a
bit prettier
i've never used the zoom default one
myself just because
normally you want to capture a bit more
information than what that one lets you
get it's just
first name last name and email so most
people try to build their own landing
page and
showcase the guest a bit more showcase
why you should sign up why you
what things you're going to benefit from
or what things you're going to learn and
take away
from the webinar instead of just saying
yeah
i guess i guess it's kind of building a
hook right so rather than just having
the standard templated zoom form you've
got this landing page that's going to
engage
people that land on it is going to show
the actual benefits of joining like
these are the guests these are what
you'll learn these are the actionable
tips
this is what you can get out of it and
then obviously prompt you to
enter your data into your details what
you say to to get joined and get signed
up i guess
yeah and that's kind of the best bit
about having a landing page is you could
have
a uh a thing there on your form that
would capture the company name
or something like that which the zoom
default won't
it could it does it's perfect but if you
want to
have that sales rep say wow
we got so many people from the target
accounts we're looking at and the
companies in the markets we're trying to
target amazing can you do it again
you need the confident information to do
that so that's kind of the beauty of
having a hob spot or
something like that and then from the
concept
it's it's one of those things you can't
really just pick up and
run with you have to be able to find a
theme or a thought or a topic that's
relevant
to what you do as a company but also
prevalent right now so
um if you work in retail the the holiday
seasons are quite
important you could say you could tie
into halloween you could tie into
christmas and stuff like that very
easily but in um in b2b it's kind of
less
appropriate sometimes where it's less um
yeah i mean on that
it's an interesting topic guys because
like you say there's there's a lot of
companies doing webinars and it almost
feels like if you log on to linkedin
it's just saturated with all these
different webinars and
to be blunt a lot of them are snooze
fests a lot of them are tuned into and
it's just someone running for a
powerpoint
or it's people speaking about how to
survive in the pandemic
it's like that yeah that was good about
six months ago
now it's overplayed it's overdone we
want to see something fresh we want to
see something unique something we can
actually learn from
rather than the same thing that 100 plus
companies have done
yeah no one said it was easy to find
that golden topic it's kind of one of
those where
you uh you might think this is going to
be a great one we've got this one coming
up and it's going to be amazing we're
going to get so many people that are
interested
and it bombs and yeah you have to tweak
it and take it and learn it
uh there's a the best one i have ever
done he got about
3400 signups i did not expect it to get
anything near that
the um the company running that uh
i was working with a client and they on
average could get between something like
2000 something like that so that was
quite a long way above their average and
i think at that point their record
i didn't think the topic would be that
great the guests were really good and
they did a fantastic job in promoting it
but
i had no idea that that topic would go
so well and then again other ones i
thought would
for whatever reason it's not really a
science when you
talk about these things they bombed as
well so it's it's kind of um
not luck of the draw at all but you kind
of build the muscle of knowing what
things work for your uh for your
audience
yeah fair enough what was that topic of
interest it was
cold calling which from what i've seen
now is
just red hot for uh for anybody in cells
even though people might tell you that
it's it's a dying art
for why not alone from that that example
it's it's not yeah fair enough i guess
it's
is it about i mean how did you think of
that specific talk was just case of your
researching
what what people in the industry were
talking a lot about and you thought
you'd give that a go or was it just a
trial and error kind of thing like you
said that was a
major team effort to work that out but
what the
team process was in essence was work out
what does the company do and what things
can they
contribute to the people they're trying
to talk to not what do they do
what can they contribute in terms of the
knowledge that they have and their
special talents and skills
that they particularly have and that's
very much in how they teach the most
cutting-edge prospecting tactics for
that specific company
and um so to drill down into
what you know what topics can you do as
a subset of
prospecting tactics you're you're going
into the medium so the email
whether it be video or it would be
linkedin or colcor yeah or
direct mail or you know other things
like that so it was
we're gonna cover all of the bases one
by one and cold calling by
one million miles was the hottest one
okay so in that case so we if we relate
it to other industries is it about
kind of not like you say not not
directly focus on the product or the
service that your company
provides but thinking about
an actionable solution or actionable
tips or
ways that you can help your ideal
customers um
so essentially what perhaps what
customers ask you the most about
or the biggest type of inquiry you get
and then gearing something that's that's
like you say actionable this
is currently a hot topic in the market
and then
getting people on that can really share
almost giving away too much value as
much as possible
that's going to make this this hour-long
webinar however long it is as useful as
informative
as possible rather than just someone
going for a slide deck where they can
have like a live conversation and just
give away as much
as much good stuff as much many tips and
all that stuff as possible is that is
that what the key to it is or or
is there a bit more to it than that yeah
you're totally right and
what the next level of it is is picking
the right
guests or guests that can help you with
that and
that's uh that is probably the single
biggest
differential between what is it from
what i've seen an average
registration number that you might get
versus a
phenomenal versus a bad okay nothing is
bad
you know the first one that bilenosov
did i think somebody on the team said we
got eight leads
it doesn't mean anything whereas on
average we might get hundreds or
a couple thousand or whatever it may be
so everyone
has differing numbers but the guest is
probably the biggest
way to go from a to b with that and
especially like you said
if uh if your topic is how to sell in a
pandemic
there's 20 000 webinars about that if
your guest is probably the best one
you've got a slightly better chance at
least yeah fair enough
so how to come how should companies go
about choosing the right guests
um so say they've nailed down a topic
um of discussion they've got got their
setup ready they've got their software
all ready to rock and roll
they and now they're thinking hmm who
should i get in what are some of the
things that they should consider
before approaching people either inside
or outside of their organization to be a
part of it
i'm dealing with this again myself right
now so it's um
this is an ongoing puzzle that keeps
moving so it's
it's not as simple as it seems it's not
go and get that great author who
is in our industry because they'll bring
loads of people
they might but then they may not it's
never quite as simple as
what it seems on
on a basic level if you're gonna go for
a leader who's you know well known and
respected who's uh
active in speaking on podcasts and stuff
like that in their world
that's always quite a safe bet
to be honest if you want to go for a
more um
tactical very targeted approach then you
can be a little bit more specific and
let's say
to make an example of that in in the
sales world there's a lot of sales
leaders who
talk on all the same podcasts and stuff
like that there's probably 150
200 any one of them would probably do a
decent job if you want to get a
sdr manager it's kind of a nuanced
position
not too many of the figurehead people
have that role
but there's a lot of people who have
that role finding a good one of them
will
will pull in a nice little crowd it
won't pull in mass numbers
but you probably get more people who
have the right roles if that's the one
you want
so there's a balance of finding who's
that figurehead leader who can bring me
the crowds
yeah and also balancing okay well just
because they have a book or if they have
a million followers does it mean that
they'll post about it
or what their audience is a good point
and then
will they actually come and then will
they be useful people
yeah you've raised two really good
points there actually um
as in if if their particular job role if
their specialism if what they do in
their day-to-day role is actually
relevant to the topic you're covering
in industry you're covering and also
which is reflected back on this podcast
if they'll actually help you promote it
as well i guess which we can chat about
in a sec if they're
if they're going to actively help you
push it if they're well connected for
example if you're
if you're a b2b company and these guys
are pushing it on linkedin
if they're perhaps pushing on other
social channels if they're pushing it to
their email list and all that good stuff
then you know that's going to help
whereas um yeah some some in
some people that are perhaps very well
known that have got a little time
might not help you promote it as much
because they're just literally too busy
they haven't got the time to do so
which we found on on this show um yeah
some of the
the guests that actually have helped us
promote the show on linkedin
other other channels email etc that's
that's helped us get the the best
downloads the best views and so on
yeah i think um i haven't experienced
this myself at vanessa yeah i haven't
been able to run a webinar just
at this point yet but i know for a fact
one of the things we
try our hardest to do is if you're
coming on anything
related to us at all on our property
we're going to make it as
easy as possible for you and you're
going to get the most possible from it
and we'll try our best to make it easy
for you to do that
that helping hand as well so we'll have
a sheet whatever's useful that just
gives you all the stuff you don't have
to look for it you don't have to ask
it's going to come in one
pdf or whatever it may be you'll have
the image you download you have the link
you download
and then you can go and do your best
with it we'll write you a sample
post or a tweet or email whatever you
need so that
if you're really lazy and if you really
can't be bothered or if you have
loads of other things to do you've got
something that doesn't
take mental bandwidth from you no that's
that's it that's what i've learned
from doing this show as well so after i
i have guests on i try and make it as
easy as possible i send a really clear
email
send them all the promotional material
which i didn't do at the start and i've
learned the hard way
i've made it as easy as possible just
like you say that you guys at
vanillasoft are doing just so if people
are busy they can
easily share your content which is a
great tip if you're doing any
any kind of promotional media cool man
um all right so we've we've uh we've got
our topic we've got our software we've
got our
guests how do we promote this thing
apart from
apart from the guests sharing it what
other means and channels
both digitally and offline can we use to
get this webinar out there to build as
many sign ups as we can for our
our show for our business so before it
actually happens
most people will do a webinar that's
live and they'll say it's um
it's two o'clock in the afternoon on
monday october 26th for example
and if you show up on the day fantastic
if you don't you still got registered
and will probably provide you with the
replay in case you wanted to see it or
in case you couldn't show up for
whatever reason
that's quite standard practice and most
people
don't care too much about how many
actually attend on the day
it's sort of sort of a vanity metric in
a way
most people don't differentiate their
follow-up from if you did or did not
attend
it's kind of one group instead of two so
that's why i say it's not
quite as important in my opinion at
least so leading up to that
most people are doing email blasts to
the list
depending on how many emails you send to
your list and how
big your list is candidly you might do
one but
maybe three uh probably not too many
more
emails for that depending on how long
you're
from being ready to live days normally
if you had about three weeks from work
that's pretty good
then you could get your emails into the
whole list meanwhile you're always doing
something on social on your on your
linkedin your facebook page your
twitter is going around as not as much
as possible because it'll look
terrible but you know as much as it's
appropriate to do with your blend of
other stuff that you've got going on
and hopefully the guest chips into and
if you want to do ads then
respect but i'm not too versed in that
and i've not seen it work
that well but it could definitely work
in other industries that i haven't
dipped yeah that was one thing i was
going to ask appreciate you've got which
makes perfect sense blast
send out to email list and of course
promote across across social channels
ask your guests to do the same
um which makes perfect sense and
obviously getting that balance you don't
want to spam people with the same
content like sign up every single day
posting videos text posts and all this
this and that saying sign up because
people just get sick of it
um yeah have you guys tried many ads
in terms of promoting webinars any any
paid ads or any
anything across that nature or did you
say it's not really something that
you've
you've um you've tapped into i'm not
sure
uh vanilla sauce i don't want to speak
wrong about that but just in my
experience i don't think i think
i've seen it tried a couple of times and
it didn't work phenomenally well
compared to other channels so just for
prioritization because
you're you're spending real money you
know it was better spent doing
other things not to say that it didn't
bring quality of people
or that it didn't contribute because it
did but
in in comparison to what we were
spending other bad money on it
we spent comparatively very little so it
wasn't going to generate tons anyway
i think the problem is going from cold
traffic where they don't really know who
you are they might know who the
guest is possibly and hopefully the
topic resonates
you're a lot more um reliant on your
copy being
really really on point whereas if you're
you're putting out on linkedin and
you've got a million followers and a
million people
love you you probably you're in safe
hands there you're gonna be all right
and they're gonna
sign up but for cold traffic much more
discardable in a way
yeah that makes sense okay um all right
and that's an interesting point like you
said it the
it's not necessarily the be a window of
everyone attending live
because if you're recording that webinar
and you've still got it on your website
or you've still got a landing page set
up where people can download it after
then you're still i i guess it's there
on the internet people are still signing
up people
people are still getting downloads so
you're still getting leads you're still
getting emails for your list
and leads that your team can follow up
on right
absolutely yeah that's one of the best
things about having a
landing page provider or a hub spot or
something like that
once you've got the uh the event done
as it were if it's live with say it's
three o'clock on the 26th october now
instead of two o'clock when we're live
you can change the page so that it sends
them
once they've filled out the form and
they have passed over their information
to you
that they're gonna go straight to
youtube or vimeo or
wherever you choose to put the recording
and you still captured them but they
still get to see it it's not going to
just sit inside of zoom somewhere and
never go anywhere yeah meanwhile
hopefully you're doing something like
adding those people to a an active
list of people that registered for it
throughout
the period of time that you've been
promoting it up to date
and hopefully as well you're able to see
that list and when a new person comes to
it
and you're able to review that lead and
you're able to review if it needs to go
to a salesperson or if it needs to
be nurtured or whatever your your
follow-up is
but primarily to just start making
anything
out of a webinar it's kind of a shame to
put this time into something and let it
sit there and die
hopefully you don't but if you can make
some clips out of it if uh
something that sam just said that was
phenomenal you best bet that
having that that clip as a little teaser
that you can put on your
email list or you can put out on your
social profiles is a really good thing
to say
thanks sam for coming on this was great
i love this thing that you said here
about abc
if you want to catch the replay here is
the link to sign up to it
yeah now that makes sense repurposing
the content into into different clips
rather than just having your one
starting clip and leaving it at that
just just getting your best bang for
your buck so i know you guys do a lot of
repurposing with content
i was in a sales webinar with a bunch of
sales leaders about
i don't know six months or so ago and i
know that you repurposed it into like a
ebook
into a blog into a load of promotional
clips as well as the webinar itself so
there's so much that you can get out of
it
once once you've got it produced so
that's cool man um
and as well as getting getting the end
um getting the watchers getting the sign
up building you're building your lead
list building your email list
what other angle angles are there only
on ways to to make money to make revenue
to generate leads from a podcast
in terms of like sponsors and things
like that yeah sorry for the weather
night yeah
anyways um yeah the sponsorship thing is
quite um
popular right now it seems the done
thing to become a media company which
makes a
lot of sense we've seen some big
companies um
take that angle and do it well so that's
definitely one way
i know from experience it comes with
some restrictions on what you can and
can't do but nothing too crazy
it's kind of how you make your bed
determines how
how you lie in it um which is which is a
great thing about that
most companies won't be doing that
they'll be just good doing it for their
own lead gem for their own
sales team to try and generate some uh
some new ops
really depends on the follow-up and i
would say that
the times i've seen follow-up go better
and the results become better
is when it's not thrown at sales to say
okay go on go follow up with these
people please
um as maximum awareness as you can give
a sales team or a sales person
always the better that's kind of a
no-brainer as much as they know
x number of leads might come to them on
a certain date then yeah be prepared for
that and they'll be able to think about
what they'd like to say instead of
knowing that i meant to call these
people in a certain time period and
holy crap i've got to go and do it right
now and then they can also be prepared
with some other content that
maybe you've been able to help them
create or pull out
maybe they're able to send a quick
voicemail and an email to the people
that
meet their icp that signed up for it and
they can say
uh i don't know if you found this be
interesting or i don't know if you were
able to attend at all
but this bit that sam said was amazing
and i'm going to apply that myself
what do you think and that's that's the
conversation style
much did you help sort of lay that
foundation to help rather than just say
hey man how about it have a good time
let me know how it goes
that's kind of what i've seen work best
that's a really good tip
so you're talking about actually
starting conversations with people
that signed up to the webinar so
acknowledging they might not have
watched all of it they might not even
watch the whole thing at
all so just just starting the
conversation like i enjoyed this part
or i can see that your let's say the the
the the podcast was on um how to how to
manage your marketing effectively
i can see that you're a marketing
director over x what were your thoughts
when we talked about this subject or
what your thoughts on handling this
topic
so you're not just saying did you watch
it you're specifically picking out a
point starting a conversation
rather than just doing the generic kind
of follow-up sequence
yeah you may have three or four clips
that were particularly great from it and
you may have a a point about the
structure of a team
for whatever the topic was and then you
may send that bit
to the ops people that signed up versus
the
the thing about demand generation or
whatever it was you would send that to
the
marketers titles that signed up and
stuff like that
there'll be ways to segment it just to
make sure it's not
there's a sort of one way of doing is
this bit was an absolute
fire mic drop gold nugget type thing
which
can work for everybody but if um just in
that email
the one percent of me says if you can
tie it back to their
daily life even one more time than you
already have from that webinar and that
amazing bit that you've told them is
cool tying it back to them one more time
is just that little bit extra good
yeah that's a nice idea because i was
going to ask you actually
should we once we've got our list once
we've got all these people that have
signed up
that have tuned into the webinar they
might not have they might have just gone
to our list
um do we you've already talked about a
personalized approach just then
um distributing it to the relevant
salespeople or do we
put them through a sequence just put
them through a standard bunch of
automated emails or should we actually
manually go through each lead and try
and personalize it try and send them
some more content we think that's going
to
be useful and try and start meaningful
conversations with them
i guess it's a numbers game it depends
on how many you get how much time you've
got how big your
your company is yeah and really uh
just as you said it's about the
resources that you have and what you're
trying to
get because if you're quite a
transactional company and you sell a
lower value
product and you're trying to achieve
volume then maybe you don't want to
spend too long and
try to do complicated lead scoring and
stuff like that to segment down
the perfect x number of people from it
but if you're bigger or you sell
something a lot more complicated that
takes longer and it's very
specific to a person or a team
inside of a company then yeah of course
any
excel manipulation you could do or any
hubspot maneuvering
that kind of stuff will help you out a
lot and then yeah you might pick
the 20 out of the however many that were
the perfect job roles and hand them
directly the sales
and the rest maybe they just go into
your nurture if you don't want to do
that maybe they just go into your list
and hopefully they become fans and
advocates that kind of thing
awesome man well hopefully everyone
tuning in has got some
got a great idea now we've pretty much
walked through the whole process so
appreciate you spending some time with
us ollie
and telling us how to do it before we
wrap things up are there any big no-nos
or any big yeses that perhaps people
should think about before they jump in
and start getting stuck into doing their
own webinars
um i would say the first thing to do
before you
put any time into it at all is talk to
the person who's gonna have to follow up
with
however many or whoever lead you may get
the better the understanding with them
is again this is kind of a
it's never a bad thing to talk to a
sales person and understand their
life a little bit better but especially
with this if you're going to give them
any volume or ask for any kind of um
time heavy follow-up for a you know very
personalized follow-up
the more context you can get from them
the better so if you
believe like me you believe cold calling
wasn't going to work that well
for that webinar topic and when you talk
to them
they said you know what every single
phone call i have they asked me about
cold calling and
what's the best script what's the best
call to action and
you know just having a bit of
information on that being super helpful
for me
then you've just validated that you
should probably try
that topic you might be surprised maybe
um
you're right and they're wrong but the
only way to do it is find out
and have that conversation with them to
you know see where both parties lie and
see what common ground you can find see
what times you can find out about
yeah nice tip talk to you talk to your
team talk to your sales team talk to
your colleagues about what they're
actually
what their customers are talking about
what their problems are what what
they're actually
asking questions about and then utilize
that as content makes sense
makes perfect sense awesome man well i
really enjoyed this ollie um
is there one channel that you recommend
in terms of from a digital perspective
that people should get on
or people should make sure utilize
that's going to help their business from
today
uh linkedin's the obvious answer so i'm
just going to say twitter because
if i get a notification there i'm a
little bit surprised and i'm like oh
okay
what's going on yeah i like linkedin
that's that's the
big you know place i spent more of my
time than any of the other
places like that yeah that's a good show
actually i don't think i've logged into
twitter for about three years
probably should at some point depends on
who you follow earlier mine's just full
of
football yeah yeah yeah
then it'll be more useful cool man well
everyone you've been tuning in to sam's
business growth show where we sit down
with business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we find out their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and their excuse of tips
and insights to help you score
your sales and scar your business or if
you could thank just one person
either dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself and your career
who would that be
and why wow you threw that on me right
at the end
ouch um
that's a really hard question man jeez
put you on the spot
yeah you have um uh i'll go i'll go with
parents this is super
cliche but um both of them have been
able to
just listen to me vent or whatever it is
until we
shut up and just calm down for a minute
or
that's that's really good well done you
know they've been able to be quite a
grounding
and uh a good sounding board and a good
um you know they've kept things in check
so uh
that's a really lame answer and uh the
first
the first one i thought was steven jones
i've never met him so i don't know why i
thought of that but
do you support liverpool yeah yeah oh
good luck
didn't know that one fan but
it's a family thing good good man good
man good to have a fellow liverpool
supporter on that on the show i think it
was the only scott lease that was that
the last liverpool sport so nice to have
another one
yeah ollie tell us a bit more about how
people can
learn from you how people can connect
with you anything you'd like to promote
and the best
way for people to get in touch with
yourself
um i'm always on linkedin so that's uh
never a bad way to
uh get introduced and there's not many
people with my name luckily for me
so uh if you type in ollie whitfield
you'll probably find me somewhere near
the top and i have a
funky weird um vain instagram picture
that's my
profile picture that you might find um
apart from that
i'm always done have a conversation i'm
always trying to work out what um
what people are up to and more
importantly why
that kind of gets my brain going so
anytime you've got a podcast going on or
a
webinar something like that and if
you're thinking about who's the uh
who's perfect gifts or what's the
perfect title and who you're trying to
get attracted to it
those damn conversations are really
exciting to me so um
say hello if you're interested ollie
thanks so much for coming on man really
appreciate it
appreciate you having me on samuel this
has been a real pleasure thanks very
much dude
cheers dude and if you enjoyed the show
be sure to search sam's business growth
show
hit subscribe on your podcast channel of
choice be it spotify youtube stitcher or
whatever the heck you get your podcast
we interview business leaders each and
every week to get their actual tips on
increasing your sales growing your
business and making best use of digital
marketing
otherwise thanks very much for tuning in
are you tired of constantly hunting for
new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because
your website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach
that brings idle clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation by
webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts